fix(js): don't panic when escaping a string (#4186)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

### Linter

### Bug fixes

- Biome no longer crashes when it encounters a string that contain a multibyte character ([#4181](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4181)).

  This fixes a regression introduced in Biome 1.9.3

  This affects the following linter rules:

  - nursery/useSortedClasses
  - nursery/useTrimStartEnd
  - style/useTemplate
  - suspicious/noMisleadingCharacterClass

>   If you are using Biome 1.9.3, yo ucan disable these rules as a temporary workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are using Biome v1.9.3 or earlier, you can disable these rules as a temporary workaround.
```

I'm not sure I understand the purpose of "the workaround". Once we ship the next fix, users can upgrade to fix the issue, so the workaround isn't needed. Did I miss something?

Author: You are right. This could be confusing. I will remove it.
